Name: Jennifer Hache
Date: 08/25-08/29/2024

Description: 
This application is regarding cinema tickets. There are a total number of 20 tickets that can be 
Sold and only a max of 4 tickets per person.
Function will loop until all tickets are sold and let the user know about their purchase and the tickets that remain.

Logic Steps:

1. Set up the variables
	1a.total number of tickets available (max_tickets) and the buyer count (max_buyers).

2. Create loop for ticket sold.
	2a. Continuously ask the user to enter the number of tickets they want to purchase.
	2b. This will loop until all tickets are sold.

3. Ensure the user enters a number between 1 and 4.
4. Ensure there are enough tickets.
5. If what the user entered is valid (1-4), reduce the number of tickets requested from the total and then increase the buyer count.
5. If user creates error by entering a number less than 1 or more than 4. The prompt will ask user to enter valid number.
6. Once all of the tickets are sold, the function will output the number of buyers.


Variables Used

1. max_tickets: int value of 20
Desc: Tracks the total number of tickets available for sale.

2. max_buyers: int value of 0
Desc: Counts the number of distinct buyers who purchased the tickets.

3. tickets_requested: value will be what the user enters.
Desc: Temporarily stores the number of tickets a user wants to purchase.

Functions Used

1. Function Name: pre_sell_ticket():

Description: Encapsulates the entire ticket pre-sale logic. 
This function initializes variables, handles user input, processes ticket sales.
Parameters: None 
Returns: the final result.

2. Function Name: input():
Description: Used to prompt the user for input (the number of tickets they want to purchase).
Parameters: user to enter number

3. Function Name: int():
Description: Converts the user input (string) into an integer.
Parameters: string/number

4. Function Name: print():
Description: Outputs messages to the console, informing the user about the status of their purchase and the remaining tickets.
Parameters: objects that are to be printed and displayed at the output.

5. Function Name: try-except Block:

Description: Exceptions that may occur when converting user input to an integer. 
it catches ValueError if the input is an invalid integer.
Parameters: 
Try and Except



https://github.com/Jhache06/JenniferHache_Chapter-1_A.git

Name: Jennifer Hache
Date: 08/25-08/29/2024
